BTS - Go Go
DOLLAR DOLLAR
Dollar Dollar
Squandering it all in one day
Run, run, I make and waste my own money
Run, run
I want it, cruisin’ on the bay
I want it, cruisin’ like NEMO
I don’t have money but I wanna go somewhere far away
I don’t have money but I want to destress
I don’t have money but I wanna eat at Jiro Ono’s
Worked hard to get my pay
Gonna spend it all on my stomach
Pinching pennies to spend it all on wasting it
Let me be, even if I overspend
Even if I break apart my savings tomorrow like a crazy guy
WOO~ there’s no tomorrow
There’s already a mortgage on my future
WOO~ spending my money even more
Friends, wassup
Do you want some?
DOLLAR DOLLAR
Squandering it all in one day
Run, run, man I spend it like some party
DOLLAR DOLLAR
Till the sun shines through this mouse hole
Till the sun comes up
YOLO YOLO YOLO YO
YOLO YOLO YO
Spend spend spend
YOLO YOLO YOLO YO
Where my money yah
Spend spend spend
YOLO YOLO YOLO YO
YOLO YOLO YO
Spend spend spend
YOLO YOLO YOLO YO
Where the party yah
Spend spend spend
Where my money yah
Where the party yah
My week goes Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday
Friyay Friyay Friyay Friyay
My checking acount is yah
It’s got a hollow leg
I’m pouring into it every day
Just break it apart
We’re too young to just worry
Just for today I’d Go than worry
If you keep saving out of fear, it all turns to waste
Just swipe it
DOLLAR DOLLAR
Squandering it all in one day
Run, run, man I spend it like some party
DOLLAR DOLLAR
Till the sun shines through this mouse hole
Till the sun comes up
YOLO YOLO YOLO YO
YOLO YOLO YO
Spend spend spend
YOLO YOLO YOLO YO
Where my money yah
Spend spend spend
YOLO YOLO YOLO YO
YOLO YOLO YO
Spend spend spend
YOLO YOLO YOLO YO
Where the party yah
Spend spend spend
Don’t worry, Go
Don’t worry, Go Go (Everybody!)